While system update is happening we can switch back to dex-setup installer web page and copy second command that will be used to anonymously download dex-setup installer itself from git-hub and start it.

It is very small script, the download could take just a few seconds and right after it interactively guides us which components of decentralized exchange to install and configure.

Even if we answer yes to install and configure all components, it doesn't matter, because we can always run only those components which are need at time.

Also at any time we can run this installer again to install, update or reconfigure just specific needed components.

Every possible interactive question have two specific arguments which could be used to skip installer interactivity and use installer in automatic deployment scripts or task for specific purposes same like been explained in section seven examples.

So our first step is to accept MIT license agreement to continue with this installer. Just by pushing Y key.

Would we like to update operating system before installation start. Yes, because we want to make out system up to date at least for security reasons.

Would we like to install tor and related privacy packages. Yes, because we do not have any other custom tor service installed.

Would we like to install mandatory command line interface build packages. Yes, because we do not have any other custom build packages installed.

Would we like to install recommended command line interface packages. Yes, because we want all our downloaded data to be check with anti-virus also it contains tools like console midnight commander and H-top advanced system monitor and other useful tools.

Would we like to install optional graphical user interface build packages. Yes, because we want to use dex-setup environment also with graphical user interface wallets and tools.

Would we like to install optional graphical user interface packages and support for Tiger VNC server. Yes, because we also want to manage our server by remote desktop, but there could be cases or security reasons why user want to manage dex-setup by local keyboard only.

Would we like to setup Tiger-VNC server user session to start automatically after startup. Yes, because want to control our remote server not only by console but also by VNC over SSH tunnel connection, so we set to configure VNC server with our user profile on server.

Now above in terminal log we can see which command for system upgrade will be executed.

Proceed with above system setup/update. Yes, we want our system to be updated and configured.

Now, command ask for root or sudo password depending on system administration management configuration.

So we enter our password and confirm with enter.

Would we like to setup VNC user login password. Yes, because VNC session configured for our user would not be functional without VNC login password.

We set first password, but view only password is not needed to be configured.

Now installer downloads dex-setup framework itself. It could take a while, but not too long.

Because of installer could be started repeatedly, if any component managed by dex-setup is found already installed, setup asks for its re-installation update, same as here we could be asked by installer to even update dex-setup itself first. If we did not run installer few minutes before, then answering Yes is great idea, because it will make specific component up-to-date.

Would we like to add optimized mate desktop configuration. Yes, because optimized mate desktop configuration will be very useful also on fast local connections because it saves lot of traffic by minimizing desktop effects, which could be problematic even over local wireless connection.

Dex-setup next configured proxy-chains user-space configuration file, the tool which is used as tor privacy network sand-box layer.

Next, we have to choose which wallet to install.

With just one exception of Pivx wallet, all other wallets will be downloaded and build from source code.

If we want to dex-setup system to be used as decentralized exchange trading system, the Blocknet wallet as main Dex component is mandatory to install.

Every wallet build process takes at average 10 minutes, so video will be skip few times and if wallet is detected as already been installed, then we skip the re-installation step.

Process let us know by finished success or with error.

Even if some wallets installation fails, don't worry, the installer could be started again later with just one specific step to setup missing wallet, Examples to install or reinstall specific wallet could be found in section seven.
