Now, return back and lets take a look what could be found for example in Blocknet wallet directory.
  First is binary files directory where all build binary files are stored. As command line wallet interface, wallet daemon and wallet with graphical user interface.
  Next is that every wallet profile has own CLI directory where very useful predefined auto-complete commands are stored.
  There is also git source directory, where all wallet source code been downloaded and compiled.
  There is also package directory which is used in case when wallet is not build but rather downloaded and extracted as binary package.

  What we could see next are two profile files used to enter secure development environment.
  And all other files are generated wallet profile as DAO wallet profile, decentralized exchange wallet profile, and staking wallet profile.

Now lets go back into main directory where we could find a dex-bot a decentralized exchange bot directory with all generated trading strategies scripts.
   And if we switch git source code directory, there could be found trading configuration files itself.

Now lets go back again into main directory where we could find main dex-setup framework directory which contains all needed scripts for manual component customization and manual management.
Usually users who not need special custom profiles will never touch dex-setup framework itself rather running dex-setup command line installer repeatedly.

In main directory there could be also found Block-DX, the graphical user interface for this decentralized exchange system.

As mostly all basics been explained, lets initiate our decentralized exchange instance for the first time.
   Instead of mouse double click one by one all components to start them in desktop environment manually, the dex-setup generates for us terminal screen multiplexer start and stop script which biggest advantage is that all components becomes manageable also very comfortable by command line interface.

So we can double click this graphical user interface start script, or we switch back to installer readme page,
we switch to section four, called Start, Attach, Navigate and Detach from installed dexsetup environment by terminal, we find and copy second command used to start environment with graphical user interface mode support, then switch back server machine, open terminal, and paste this command in.
   While this command gonna take some few seconds to process, we switch back to installer readme page to read and learn basic commands and shortcuts like.
      How to attach to service command line interface management by command, screen, minus, X.
      How to list and navigate screen tabs with shortcut, Control, A, double quotes.
      And also how to detach from while keep all components running in background by shortcut, Control, A, D. 

   Now, switch back to terminal and use screen, minus, X, command to attach to decentralized exchange command line service.
   Now we use mentioned keyboard shortcut Control, A, double quote, to navigate components and choose which we want to start.
      For example, we would like to use dex-setup just for Pivx staking, so we choose Pivx staking component, where we can see already predefined command, just enter key confirmations is needed, and Pivx staking component will be started.
      So if we really start it, it would looks like that native Pivx wallet is been started, but in real, everything is started isolated inside system and network sandbox by firejail and tor service.
      
      Advantage is that we can in real time watch what is printed into log files component by component.
      Now also switch to Pivx CLI the command line interface component. What is very useful, if we enter dot, slash and then push tab key button, the dex-setup provides to us lot of predefined commands, all those commands are generated by dex-setup and could be easy added later by users requests, so whole community will benefits from it.
      
      For now we not need this Pivx component running, so we use dot, slash, stop command to make PIVX staking wallet exit.
      
   Next we go back to installer readme page, and we switch to section five, which guides us how to use dex-bot trading strategy-one generated by installer with Blocknet and Litecoin trading pair.
   
      We just follow the instruction, we even not need to copy paste commands, because start script already made everything ready to be used.
      So, lets start, Blocknet decentralized exchange wallet profile and Litecoin decentralized exchange wallet profile components with already predefined command.
      We switch back to VNC client, we terminal switch to Blocknet decentralized exchange component, as you can see here is already predefined command, just enter key is needed.
      Then we switch terminal to Litecoin decentralized exchange component and same as before, just confirmation with enter key is needed.
      
